\<Document Number provided by CM\>

**Tactical Service-Oriented Architecture\
Combat Operations Center \
Command and Control\
Software Package XXXX**

**Software Design Description**

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

**Prepared By:**

**SPAWAR Systems Center, Atlantic**

**P.O. Box 190022**

**North Charleston, South Carolina 29419-9022**

Distribution Statement C: Distribution authorized to U.S. Government
Agencies and their contractors for administrative or operational use as
of 11 May 2017. Other requests for this document shall be referred to
Marine Corps Systems Command, PM, MC3, PdM, MC2S.

Destruction Notice: For unclassified, limited documents, destroy by any
method that will prevent disclosure of contents or reconstruction of the
documents![](data:image/png;base64,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)

**Tactical Service-Oriented Architecture\
Combat Operations Center \
Command and Control\
Software Package XXXX**

**Software Design Description**

**Submitted By:**

**\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\
**\<Name, Organization\>\
\<Position (if available)\>

**Reviewed By**:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\
\<Name, Organization\>\
\<Position (if available)\>

**Approved By**:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\
\<Name, Organization\>

\<Position (if available)\>

**Record of Changes**

\***A** - ADDED **M** - MODIFIED **D** - DELETED

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Revision Identifier   Date   Figure, Table or Paragraph Number   A   Title or Brief Description   Change Request Number
                                                                                                    
                                                                   M                                
                                                                                                    
                                                                   D                                
  --------------------- ------ ----------------------------------- --- ---------------------------- -----------------------
  .01                   \      \                                   A   Initial Document             \
                                                                                                    
                                                                   M                                
                                                                                                    
                                                                   D                                

  \                     \      \                                   \   \                            \
                                                                                                    

  \                     \      \                                   \   \                            \
                                                                                                    
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

\
 \

\
 \

\
 \

**Table of Contents**

**[1Introduction 1](#__RefHeading__1199_559214066)**

[1.1Scope 1](#__RefHeading__1201_559214066)

[1.2Identification 1](#__RefHeading__1203_559214066)

[1.3System Overview 2](#__RefHeading__1205_559214066)

[1.4Document Overview 2](#__RefHeading__1207_559214066)

**[2Reference Documents 1](#__RefHeading__1209_559214066)**

**[3Design Considerations 1](#__RefHeading__1211_559214066)**

[3.1Assumption and Dependencies 1](#__RefHeading__1213_559214066)

[3.2General Constraints 1](#__RefHeading__1215_559214066)

[3.3Goals and Guidelines 2](#__RefHeading__1217_559214066)

[3.4Development Methods 2](#__RefHeading__1219_559214066)

**[4Components 1](#__RefHeading__1221_559214066)**

**[5System Architecture 1](#__RefHeading__1223_559214066)**

[5.1Subsystem Architecture 1](#__RefHeading__1225_559214066)

**[6Detailed System Design 1](#__RefHeading__1227_559214066)**

[6.1Classification 1](#__RefHeading__1229_559214066)

[6.2Definition 1](#__RefHeading__1231_559214066)

[6.3Responsibilities 1](#__RefHeading__1233_559214066)

[6.4Constraints 1](#__RefHeading__1235_559214066)

[6.5Composition 1](#__RefHeading__1237_559214066)

[6.6Uses/Interactions 1](#__RefHeading__1239_559214066)

[6.7Resources 2](#__RefHeading__1241_559214066)

[6.8Processing 2](#__RefHeading__1243_559214066)

[6.9Interface/Exports 2](#__RefHeading__1245_559214066)

**[7Traceability 1](#__RefHeading__1247_559214066)**

**[8Notes 1](#__RefHeading__1249_559214066)**

\
 \

**List of Tables**

\
 \

**List of Figures**

\
 \

\
 \

\
 \

\
 \

\
 \

\
 \

\
 \

Introduction {.western style="page-break-before: always"}
============

1.  

\<Provide the Scope of this document.\>

2.  

This is the Software Design Description (SDD) for \<Software
Name/Version\>.

**Table 1‑1 Configuration Management (CM) Identification**

  ----------------------- ------------------------------------------
  **CM Official Name**    \<To be completed by CM representative\>

  **CM Acronym**          \<To be completed by CM representative\>

  **Version Number**      \<To be completed by CM representative\>

  **Increment Number**    \<To be completed by CM representative\>

  **Material Provider**   SPAWAR Systems Center Atlantic
                          
  **Name/Address**        Code 53160, Bldg. 198\
                          PO Box 190022 \
                          North Charleston SC 29419-9022
  ----------------------- ------------------------------------------

\
 \

3.  

The TSOA is a collection of software components that comply with the
Marine Air Ground Task Force (MAGTF) Command and Control (C2) Software
Architecture and, when composed for a system, provides C2 and
Situational Awareness capabilities. When the TSOA is fully fielded, the
end-state is an end-to-end software C2 system that supports the seamless
flow of data on the battlefield, focusing on C2 platforms as the center
of data integration. This provides Marines a software architecture that
can quickly adapt to the mission in order to ensure an efficient and
effective traversing of the Observe, Orient, Decide and Act (OODA) Loop.
An example of this heightened efficiency is the ability to tailor the
flow and presentation of data for a commander and his staff, supporting
both their Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and decision making
heuristics. The underlying software architecture is scalable and
tailorable due to its basis in software engineering Best Practices such
as Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA). TSOA entails a truly
interoperable Marine Corps C2 capability that is relevant across the
full range of military operations, from Major Theater War to Policing
Actions to Humanitarian Assistance and Disaster Relief operations.

In order to meet evolving operational C2 needs, MAGTF C2 Systems
Applications (MC2SA) will employ a SOA approach in acquiring and
designing services that will not only provide the Ground Combat Element
(GCE) the ability to link services together, but also the ability to
easily add new services. TSOA goals are to:

-   -   -   

\
 \

4.  

\<Summarize the contents of this document, stating its purpose, intended
audience, etc. as deemed appropriate.\>

2.  

This section lists the number, title, revision, and date of all
documents referenced in this plan. This section also identifies the
source of all documents not available through normal government stocking
activities.

**Table 2‑2 Reference Documents**

**Document Number**

**Document Title**

**Revision/Date**

\

\

\

\

\

\

\

\

\

\

\

\

.

3.  

\<This section should describe many of the issues that need to be
addressed or resolved before attempting to devise a complete design
solution.\>

1.  

\<Describe any assumptions or dependencies regarding the software and
its use. These may concern such issues as:

-   -   -   -   -   

2.  

\<Describe any global limitations or constraints that have a significant
impact on the design of the system's software (and describe the
associated impact). Such constraints may be imposed by any of the
following (the list is not exhaustive):

-   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   

\
 \

3.  

\<Describe any goals, guidelines, principles, or priorities that
dominate or embody the design of the system's software. Such goals might
be:

-   -   -   

\<For each such goal or guideline, unless it is implicitly obvious,
describe the reason for its desirability. Feel free to state and
describe each goal in its own subsection if you wish.\>

\
 \

4.  

\<Briefly describe the method or approach used for this software design.
If one or more formal/published methods were adopted or adapted, then
include a reference to a more detailed description of these methods. If
several methods were seriously considered, then each such method should
be mentioned, along with a brief explanation of why all or part of it
was used or not used.\>

\
 \

\
 \

4.  

\<List all the software components that the application depends on and
that are not found in the standard hosting environment. The components
function in the application should also be described.\>

\
 \

\
 \

5.  

\<This section should provide a high-level overview of how the
functionality and responsibilities of the system were partitioned and
then assigned to subsystems or components. Do not go into too much
detail about the individual components themselves (there is a subsequent
section for detailed component descriptions). The main purpose here is
to gain a general understanding of how and why the system was
decomposed, and how the individual parts work together to provide the
desired functionality.

At the top-most level, describe the major responsibilities that the
software must undertake and the various roles the system (or portions of
the system) must play. Describe how the system was broken down into its
components/subsystems (identifying each top-level component/subsystem as
well as the roles/responsibilities assigned to it). Describe how the
higher-level components collaborate with each other in order to achieve
the required results. Do not forget to provide some sort of rationale
for choosing this particular decomposition of the system (perhaps
discussing other proposed decompositions and why they were rejected).
Feel free to make use of design patterns, either in describing parts of
the architecture (in pattern format), or for referring to the elements
of the architecture that employ them.

If there are any diagrams, models, flowcharts, documented scenarios or
use-cases of the system behavior and/or structure, they may be included
here (unless you feel they are complex enough to merit being placed in
the Detailed System Design section). Diagrams that describe a particular
component or subsystem should be included within the particular
subsection that describes that component or subsystem.\>

1.  

\<If a particular component is one which merits a more detailed
discussion than what was presented in the System Architecture section,
provide that more detailed discussion in a subsection of the System
Architecture* *section (or, it may even be more appropriate to describe
the component in its own design document). If necessary, describe how
the component was further divided into subcomponents, and the
relationships and interactions between the subcomponents (similar to
what was done for top-level components in the System
Architecture* *section).

If any subcomponents are also deemed to merit further discussion, then
describe them in a separate subsection of this section (and in a similar
fashion). Proceed to go into as many levels/subsections of discussion as
needed in order for the reader to gain a high-level understanding of the
entire system or subsystem (but remember to leave the gory details for
the Detailed System Design section).

If this component is very large and/or complex, you may want to consider
documenting its design in a separate document and simply including a
reference to it in this section. If this is the option you choose, the
design document for this component should have an organizational format
that is very similar (if not identical to) this document.\>

6.  

\<Most components described in the System Architecture* *section will
require a more detailed discussion. Other lower-level components and
subcomponents may need to be described as well. Each subsection of this
section will refer to or contain a detailed description of a system
software component. The discussion provided should cover each of
software component listed below.\>

1.  

\<Insert the kind of component, such as a subsystem, module, class,
package, function, file, etc.\>

2.  

\<Insert the specific purpose and semantic meaning of the component.
This may need to refer back to the requirements specification.\>

3.  

\<List the primary responsibilities and/or behavior of this component.
What does this component accomplish? What roles does it play? What kinds
of services does it provide to its clients? For some components, this
may need to refer back to the requirements specification.\>

4.  

\<List any relevant assumptions, limitations, or constraints for this
component. This should include constraints on timing, storage, or
component state, and might include rules for interacting with this
component (encompassing preconditions, postconditions, invariants, other
constraints on input or output values and local or global values, data
formats and data access, synchronization, exceptions, etc.)\>

5.  

\<Insert a description of the use and meaning of the subcomponents that
are a part of this component.\>

6.  

\<Insert a description of this component’s collaborations with other
components. What other components is this entity used by? What other
components does this entity use (this would include any side-effects
this entity might have on other parts of the system)? This concerns the
method of interaction as well as the interaction itself. Object-oriented
designs should include a description of any known or anticipated
subclasses, superclasses, and metaclasses.\>

7.  

\<Insert a description of any and all resources that are managed,
affected, or required by this entity. Resources are entities external to
the design, such as memory, processors, printers, databases, or a
software library. This should include a discussion of any possible race
conditions and/or deadlock situations, and how they might be resolved.\>

8.  

\<Insert a description of precisely how this component goes about
performing the duties necessary to fulfill its responsibilities. This
should encompass a description of any algorithms used, changes of state,
relevant time or space complexity, concurrency, methods of creation,
initialization, and cleanup, and handling of exceptional conditions.\>

9.  

\<List the set of services (resources, data, types, constants,
subroutines, and exceptions) that provided by this component. The
precise definition or declaration of each such element should be
present, along with comments or annotations describing the meanings of
values, parameters, etc. For each service element described, include a
description (or provide a reference) of its important software component
attributes (Classification, Definition, Responsibilities, Constraints,
Composition, Uses, Resources, Processing, and Interface).\>

\<Much of the information that appears in this section is not
necessarily expected to be kept separate from the source code. In fact,
much of the information can be gleaned from the source itself
(especially if it is adequately commented). This section should not copy
or reproduce information that can be easily obtained from reading the
source code (this would be an unwanted and unnecessary duplication of
effort and would be very difficult to keep up-to-date). It is
recommended that most of this information be contained in the source
(with appropriate comments for each component, subsystem, module, and
subroutine). Hence, it is expected that this section will largely
consist of references to or excerpts of annotated diagrams and source
code. Any referenced diagrams or source code excerpts should be provided
at any design reviews.\>

7.  

\<This section should map design elements in the SDD to the requirement
or User Story it satisfies.\>

**Table 7‑3: Traceability**

**User Story ID (Forge ID)**

**Title**

**Description**

**Vendor**

**Verification Method**

**CSC**

**SDD Paragraph**

artf\<xxxxx\>

\<user story title\>

\<user story description\>

\<verification method\>

\<CSC\>

\<paragraph\>

artf\<xxxxx\>

\<user story title\>

\<user story description\>

\<verification method\>

\<CSC\>

\<paragraph\>

artf\<xxxxx\>

\<user story title\>

\<user story description\>

\<verification method\>

\<CSC\>

\<paragraph\>

\
 \

8.  

\<This section is for additional design/architecture considerations
poorly aligned with the previous sections.\>

1.  

  -------------------
  Term   Definition
  ------ ------------
  \      \
         

  \      \
         

  \      \
         

  \      \
         

  \      \
         

  \      \
         

  \      \
         

  \      \
         

  \      \
         

  \      \
         

  \      \
         

  \      \
         
  -------------------

\
 \

\
 \

\
 \

\
 \

\
 \

\
 \

\
 \

\
 \

\
 \

\
 \

\
 \

\
 \

\
 \

\
 \

\
 \

\
 \

\

